# &#127940;&#127996;hatcher-outreach discord digest <img src="https://github.com/CommonsBuild/tec-branding-assets/blob/main/Logo/Icon/TEC%20Icon%20Color@2x.png?raw=true"  width="25" height="25" /></h3>


## Links

- [EU Crypto Initiative - educating policy makers on decentralization](https://gitcoin.co/grants/1693/eu-crypto-initiative-educating-eu-policy-makers-an) Gitcoin Grants
- [Metamask Setup xDAI chain](https://www.xdaichain.com/for-users/wallets/metamask/metamask-setup)
- [xDAI](https://xdai.io/)

### DAO Stuff
- [DAO to DAO Reputation Sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18GF3f130miEsaASw-TRCHR-qRtbL8y-UsfusV7pXuZg/edit)  Rawson, Weller (2018)
- [DAOmesh: Large-scale collaboration through a network of small DAOs connected by bounties](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1br9NRMa8YuxVciiKOy66XnenVG2hNv5zNrQtakmuulk/edit) 
- [Knowledge Management](https://ecosystem.daoincubator.org/fractalizing/knowledge-management) DAO Incubator
- [1Hive 101 Tutorials](https://forum.1hive.org/t/1hive-101-beeginner-video-tutorials/217/3)
- [Everything about 1Hive in one place - newFAQ in development](https://forum.1hive.org/t/everything-about-1hive-in-one-place-newfaq-in-development/180)
- [Amplesense Forum](https://forum.amplesense.io/)
- [Architecting the Cyber-Physical Commons](https://medium.com/commonsstack/architecting-the-cyber-physical-commons-a294d88b5415) Jeff Emmet
- [It Takes a Cryptonetwork](https://medium.com/primedao/it-takes-a-cryptonetwork-2ae9ab541c17) Prime‚Äôs Strategy for DAO to DAO Relations ü§ù
- [Griffs Grants Cart](https://gitcoin.co/grants/cart/bulk-add/517;5000;316,277;5000;316,2305;5000;316,308;4000;316,1595;3000;316,1141;2000;316,1666;2000;316,522;2000;316,1041;1000;316,1158;1000;316,331;1000;316,816;1000;316,191;1000;316,798;1000;316,216;1000;316,490;1000;316,1638;1000;316,524;1000;316,1700;1000;316,1297;1000;316,1573;1000;316,63;1000;316,1325;1000;316,514;800;316,1641;500;316,599;500;316,285;500;316,184;500;316,1772;500;316,1110;400;316,1691;300;316,49;300;316,1635;300;316,775;300;316,482;300;316,1669;100;316,1219;100;316,1540;100;316,899;100;316,806;100;316,565;100;316,:griffgreen)

### TEC

- [TEC Presentation Lite](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9sAlf2XitY) - Initializing Onboarding to the Commons
- [Kicking off the Token Engineering Commons](https://medium.com/token-engineering-commons/kicking-off-the-token-engineering-commons-be6a253cba81)
- [TECommons](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_kiNo1dQ=/)
- [TEC Funding Proposals: What kinds of projects should apply?](https://forum.tecommons.org/t/tec-funding-proposals-what-kinds-of-projects-should-apply/191)
- [Now Accepting Proposals for Funding & Exploring Ostrom‚Äôs Principles](https://medium.com/token-engineering-commons/now-accepting-proposals-for-funding-exploring-ostroms-principles-6238d0089a98)
- [Token Engineering Commons @tecmns](https://twitter.com/tecmns/status/1339163363444543488) - Now Accepting Funding Proposals
- [Token Engineering Commons @tecmns](https://twitter.com/tecmns/status/1344338161468641288) - What does a TE public good actually mean? 
- [Welcome to the Hatcher FAQ](https://app.gitbook.com/@suits-nathan/s/hatcher-faq/) GitBook
- [Zenhub](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/core-team-organization-5f1206c0362e7b000fc0161b/board?labels=onboardingwg&amp;repos=280516198,306706322)
- [Commons Stack Association](https://beta.giveth.io/campaigns/5feb2ca1dae3134bd0166dd6) Giveth
- [Trusted Seed's Swiss Membership DApp!](https://develop--tech-dapp.netlify.app/)
- [Token Engineering Stakeholder Interview](https://ehanover21.typeform.com/to/z358PCBi) Typeform
- [Content Piece Blog or Forum: What kinds of proposals/projects we would like to fund #74](https://github.com/CommonsBuild/coordination/issues/74)
- [CommonsBuild/coordination/projects/7](https://github.com/CommonsBuild/coordination/projects/7)

### Docs

- [TEC Onboarding WG](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/15rsKMaAb3cRlUoehhHGqFi3VyFXMQ0Xg?usp=sharing) - Drive
- [Interviews](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/16iXxRMzV4jqQNK0gZE5pXnHRV3AkJfNb) - Drive
- [Hatcher Outreach FAQ & Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16UI-EfD4qcwBaAv3Eexlv01SOK7oiDt4gkVT5rEY6X4/edit) 
- [TEC Resources](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Bm57hzwSJav0tmLJ6uqvMRdCr22w3pVHo6rC1AsS5vg/edit) 
- [Hatchers outreach for those active in TEC now](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DcUsEQ0XpHhCsA97c0HZhX2RofOaTEzLTE-51PGlWFs/edit) 
- [Hatch Outreach Weekly Agenda & Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DsaTuJ6s9CXfe-YT6Y0KmtKbAKHv6jPLEBdPKxNUSZs/edit?usp=sharing) 
- [Hatcher Outreach FAQ & Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16FYhIodALP2tDldtuxuDbg-3Q4E7llgSatdlhHO6Sos/edit#) 
- [Onboarding Working Group - Working document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L2fbTEs6kBkwQhKLI9guUBu1hnXCAH6uTCTtaeJynLQ/edit?usp=sharing) 
- [Interview Jakub Gregus - HydraDX](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NpudB4mNvk0zc_cdbFl_eIFHBD2egGAVmtEira1CWhA/edit?usp=sharing) 
- [Interview Justin Banon - Boson Protocol](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J-5ZmGPnnjfr1qUacoLUQ8Gh1hwmMshiEi4AsBongy4/edit?usp=sharing) 
- [Stakeholders Onboarding](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O7DsKdhU9TmW36lXH_pRNeUiawglry-_4BWFx2nKttE/edit?usp=sharing) 
- [Hatch Outreach Group Manifesto - v. 1.07.2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3Zp8VxVra1usaIwcf_p8F4berw_EezGkYQALmTz3Ng/edit?usp=sharing) 
- [Onboarding and Resources Guide to the TEC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UDnf26QQqqc77mnhn80MLCVzJU6IdvouT-OXPrIVXCg/edit) 
- [Hatcher Outreach Notes from Onbarding.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vja9gRNE06RTOTjKWws4uFc06jWlpYFiK3dowWozBbI/edit) 
- [TEC Introducci√≥n y gu√≠a](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XNpkRKsGe4apsA3MSBGSjxbQAsIxFBj7V5EsJqoxA1o/edit) 
- [Current List of Questions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZawaNfDdkcsYleZMFqqCpVWHc5UhlLllIlsgfAGrJPQ/edit) 
- [Cryptoeconomics Working Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jGJlLisb3ZcFz-4amkgjjnh5GobLJnGeHNZx7gqK8Zo/edit) 
- [TEC Curate](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RJK8gPqUoRfehX9e60sTCMAM_R1rI2CuiV1r-i3wAXQ/edit)
- [TEC Recording Interviews](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jBof8RbV5zvz4TdKdqbul4UYTkNXl1Q35GBTJ2uny4I/edit)
- [TECommons_atTMG1-Oct2020](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ro8zBzMQu2jWb3u8KqC2cC2lH-frH8-s4HdTGXaMj9E/edit)
- [Contribution Reward](https://forum.tecommons.org/t/contribution-reward/70) TEForum

### Youtube

* [Hatchers Outreach Working Group](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLusWL9gf0FIRM3Dd-p7Tt8oLVWDX51R23)
  * [W1 Onboarding WG:  Approach and structure ideas, Proposals roadmap](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iT4hpw8-rw)
  * [W2 Onboarding WG: ZenHub!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15DUIVPwkzs)
  * [W3 Onboarding WG: TEC Resources and onboarding focus! :D](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D02PHXVHBGY)
  * [W4 Onboarding WG: Fake interview and mission assignments](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFNZpXZgsxs)
  * [W5 Onboarding WG: Reviewing, sync work and alot of discussion!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31e3KQRGum8)
  * [TEC Presentation Lite](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9sAlf2XitY)
  * [W6 Onboarding WG:Reviwing proposals, FAQ Document and more!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3_FhzF5Vxo)
  * [W7 Onboarding WG: Scheduling calls, KPI Goals and a lot of updates!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBnxdTeWISQ)
  * [W8 Onboarding WG: Forum, Github Epics and discord onboarding journey](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWxbqhSEbkE)
  * [W9 Onboarding WG: Forum, onboarding hatchers and ourselves!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_liiImdpOA)
  * [W10 Onboarding WG: Updates on proposals and onboarding hatchers/ourselves!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJ2xhEyll18)
  * [W11 Onboarding WG: Onboarding ourselves feedback!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hp3BSHmUYns)
  * [W12 Onboarding WG: Updates on Hatchers, documentation and name change!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_lLZEd7yJ0)
  * [W13 Hatch Outreach WG: Hatchers and proposals and sync on many topics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWBAuq54W8A)
  * [W14 Hatch Outreach WG: Hatchers & proposals, FAQ, and Round of questions:D](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4JFIVJkjbg)
  * [W15 Hatch Outreach WG: FAQ, TLDR, AMA :D](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKddOgYejlQ)
  * [W16 Hatch Outreach WG: Documentation, Gitcoin Grants and more!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IP_ZonXEICA)

## Chat

### akrtws#4246  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_13-Oct-20 12:07 PM_:	Hi üôÇ

This is an overview on all materials you should take a look at in order to get familiar with the TE Commons:

Miro Board:
[https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/lhzFxGzgo5bXWkoY3ZOAwKlaJD80BPaMhz4D24TxOZKKm2RZOYzgKKz7Jf83qvzS](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/lhzFxGzgo5bXWkoY3ZOAwKlaJD80BPaMhz4D24TxOZKKm2RZOYzgKKz7Jf83qvzS)

Manifesto incl links to working docs links:
[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3Zp8VxVra1usaIwcf_p8F4berw_EezGkYQALmTz3Ng/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3Zp8VxVra1usaIwcf_p8F4berw_EezGkYQALmTz3Ng/edit#)

üå±

üßóüßóüèæ

First meeting with stakeholders, insights
[https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_ko8MJkI=/?moveToWidget=3074457350470341759](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_ko8MJkI=/?moveToWidget=3074457350470341759)

üé™

In addition to our work for tec-onbaording-softgov, we have 3 working groups running:

üß©
üé≠
üéô

The TEC community calls happen every Thursday at 8pm CET

### akrtws#4246 <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_13-Oct-20 12:10 PM_:	Pinned a message.

@Jonass please find above all relevant material regarding TE Commons. For an introduction, you might want to watch this video, too:

[TE Commons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nopm8czw8pk)
> This is a recording of the TE Commons Community Update on Sept 24, 2020.
In August we've kick-started an initiative to bring our community to the next level:
The TE Commons will be a token economy built around the value creation of Public Goods in the emerging field of Token E...

### akrtws#4246  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_14-Oct-20 06:01 AM_:	Hey @Jonass - another important resource to understand the goals of TE Commons is this Miro board. It captures the results of a kick-off meeting with many of the key stakeholders in our community, like Trent/Zargham/Kris/Shermin/Simon - they've actually sparked off the TE movement and contributed a lot of fundamental research. Pls check it out!

[TEC Vision Board](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_ko8MJkI=/?moveToWidget=3074457350470341759)

The participants of this session should be on our list of ecosystem stakeholders!

### akrtws#4246  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_15-Oct-20 11:48 AM_:	I've updated the schedule, pls check @liviade 

[TECommons_atTMG1-Oct2020](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ro8zBzMQu2jWb3u8KqC2cC2lH-frH8-s4HdTGXaMj9E/edit)

I guess we need to find our working mode over the weekend, all dates next week tbd - according to interview appointments

### liviade#1387  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width="25" height="25">

_16-Oct-20 01:24 PM_:	Great! Thanks @akrtws we are meeting in 30 min right? Is there anything I should prepare for this call?

here is the manifesto [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3Zp8VxVra1usaIwcf_p8F4berw_EezGkYQALmTz3Ng/edit#heading=h.4qr126s3qfr1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3Zp8VxVra1usaIwcf_p8F4berw_EezGkYQALmTz3Ng/edit#heading=h.4qr126s3qfr1)

[Onboarding Working Group Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3Zp8VxVra1usaIwcf_p8F4berw_EezGkYQALmTz3Ng/edit)
> Onboarding Working Group Manifesto WG lead: Angela and Livia  Note! The Working Group Manifesto is a live document, as the working group evolves (e.g. people join the working group) this document should be updated to reflect these changes. This is important so that there is an...

### akrtws#4246  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_16-Oct-20 01:53 PM_:	Thanks, yes, meeting at 8 pm at [https://breakout.interspace.chat/TMG1-01](https://breakout.interspace.chat/TMG1-01)
However, we might need a break first- just finishing intense 4 hours of lectures at TE Academy üòÖ

### liviade#1387  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width="25" height="25">

_16-Oct-20 04:54 PM_:	Hey @JeffEmmett. Angela facilitated a great session for us to map stakeholders, if you would like to add the ones you mentioned the other day here under "your stakeholders" that would be great [https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_kiNo1dQ=/](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_kiNo1dQ=/)

### akrtws#4246  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_17-Oct-20 08:32 AM_:	Here are some more thoughts on onboarding and executive layer, feel free to add comments!

[Stakeholders Onboarding](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O7DsKdhU9TmW36lXH_pRNeUiawglry-_4BWFx2nKttE/edit?usp=sharing)
> Stakeholders Onboarding  Working Document Update: Oct 17, 2020 On Executive layer Oct 17, 2020 This is a first sense-making on the executive layer for TE Commons. It‚Äôs in draft, feel free to make comments! It‚Äôs not a proposal, yet. 1. General routes to takeFind below ...

### eli_#0534  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/512745291313840128/860f7540f1e8fad7d8612a858049c209.png" width="25" height="25">

_17-Oct-20 10:24 AM_:	Hey @Jonass my schedule is flexible.  After the course today works.

My hunch is that the most sensible way to go forward would be to create a graph of the stakeholders where we map out the relations between them and TEC.  From there, we can test our assumptions in the interviews, which we can construct interview questions for.

### akrtws#4246  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_17-Oct-20 01:37 PM_:	What do you think about stakeholder stories. I wonder if it's worth the time atm to design interactions. 
Some thoughts:
a) Our space to freely design interactions for the launch is limited. Basically, the voting and the bonding curve is 90% set. Non-automated/programmed interactions possible, tough.
b) Collect stakeholder feedback first before defining interactions

What do you think?

### eli_#0534  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/512745291313840128/860f7540f1e8fad7d8612a858049c209.png" width="25" height="25">

_17-Oct-20 02:03 PM_:	@Jonass also made a really great visual for stakeholders


![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/765605188076830751/767085467170111488/Screen_Shot_2020-10-17_at_2.03.41_PM.png)

### akrtws#4246  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_19-Oct-20 11:18 AM_:	[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O7DsKdhU9TmW36lXH_pRNeUiawglry-_4BWFx2nKttE/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O7DsKdhU9TmW36lXH_pRNeUiawglry-_4BWFx2nKttE/edit?usp=sharing)

### Jonass#8384  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/512927144800944139/71c7d13e7de33751a6ab8af5a5282949.png" width="25" height="25">

_20-Oct-20 11:16 AM_:	We put our current progress on the Interview process in an organised working document, so everyone is able to participate. Let me know if we should instead add the content to another document to keep everything clean and organised ü§ì

[Onboarding Group - Working Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L2fbTEs6kBkwQhKLI9guUBu1hnXCAH6uTCTtaeJynLQ/edit?usp=sharing)
> Onboarding Working Group - Working document  Agenda: Decide on interview questions  Open up interview questions for feedback (19.10) Start interviewing process (goal for completion 25.10) Send out survey interviews (typeform / google forms?) Inform Ecosystem mapping &amp; stakehol...


### eli_#0534  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/512745291313840128/860f7540f1e8fad7d8612a858049c209.png" width="25" height="25">

_20-Oct-20 01:08 PM_:	[https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_kiNo1dQ=/](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_kiNo1dQ=/)

### f8#1341  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/755754297895157765/02dd58bf34e2f84113cc89711231e870.png" width="25" height="25">

_20-Oct-20 01:35 PM_:	I'm very interested in participating in the discussion and exploration around the launch process.

As I understand based on @griff's sketch during the comms meeting, there is 2 stage launch process of value driven early adopters during the launch phase, and then the public launch where people are rather motivated by what might be considered material incentives.

Now this isolation seems very healthy, to put governance in the hand of people motivated by resulting value and impact, while being exposing themselves as well as their future abilities based on proper conduct, and shielding it from exposure to what might be considered more exploitative motivations.

I fully support this approach and see it as an important first step in the right direction. Yet to maximize available liquidity in the subsequent stage, I see a lot of nuanced possibilities with regards to incentivize early and substantial contributions, without creating an unfair situation where investors need to manage to jump in at the beginning of the queue.

So I'd be very curious to see where these designs are evolved.

The basic idea is to allow for people to volountarily accept a higher valuation, and that you can have an ongoing fundraising phase, and the order of the queue is determined by who values the ecosystem the highest, and thus is willing to, in principle accept the lowest proportional share (%) for a fixed amount of investment.
-&gt; Then each contributor gets a discount for the subsequent investment, so signaling a higher recognized valuation does not reduce your percentual share, but rather provide you with a bonus.
-&gt; This way you maximize the inventive for larger investment while accepting a higher valuation,
-&gt; plus you have an option to constrain the bonus in a why where it is contingent on the primary, so people are binding themselves longer to the ecosystem, by accepting a higher valuation (so the bonus is actually a binding)
- etc

(just as a general line of reasoning to calibrate incentives statically and lead to beneficial dynamics)

this does not affect the governance/hatch phase, but is more relevant to the subsequent phase

hope I found the right place for this, otherwise, let me know

### eli_#0534  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/512745291313840128/860f7540f1e8fad7d8612a858049c209.png" width="25" height="25">

_20-Oct-20 02:27 PM_:	Just a reminder to @here to leave any feedback/suggestions about stakeholder interviews in this doc 

[Current List of Questions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZawaNfDdkcsYleZMFqqCpVWHc5UhlLllIlsgfAGrJPQ/edit)
> Current List of Questions Please add comments and feedback by end of day Oct 21. Keep in mind our goal is to maximize useful information for our cryptoeconomic design. Short List What do you find most valuable about the TE community?  Why are you involved? What did you find yo...

Please do so by the end of day tomorrow so we can include your wonderful suggestions.  Our goal is to maximize information to inform our cryptoeconomic design.

It would be great to here from other working groups as well!

### f8#1341  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/755754297895157765/02dd58bf34e2f84113cc89711231e870.png" width="25" height="25">

_20-Oct-20 02:36 PM_:	Great comments! 
thanks @akrtws for filtering it down to its essence :)

It could be considered as a fist exposure not among over individuals, but over time. For example the bonus could be locked up, or even the tokens could be locked up, until the valuation is achieved, possibly gradually achieving release as the token appreciates. This would incentivize and reward a volountary binding over time, and disincentivizing pump-and-dump schemes.

The token pool would still greatly benefit from a supply regulation that affords stability from internal mechanics, so I wouldn't consider this as a substitute, but rather an addition to smoothen trends over time, which naturally incentivizes long term value creation instead of short term speculation. (just as an aside..)

### akrtws#4246  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_21-Oct-20 10:27 AM_:	Hey @Jonass this was quite an interesting call! Basically the message was: we won't buy into your community, we'd like to have you to purchase our tokens to have decision making power and make proposals in our community. That's basically putting our concept on its head - but a) what happens if we play through this scenario? b) what happens if we apply this concept to our own token sale?

### Jonass#8384  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/512927144800944139/71c7d13e7de33751a6ab8af5a5282949.png" width="25" height="25">

_21-Oct-20 10:35 AM_:	Yes, very interesting! I think models for DAO to DAO collaboration using conditional Tokens, kind of creating joint ventures, could be super interesting in the future. 
Buying into another DAO is bringing up a lot of questions to consider. 
I think as a second step in the Stakeholder research we will definitely consider Organisations joining TEC, TEC partnering with other DAO's and TEC joining other DAO's and what makes sense



### eli_#0534  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/512745291313840128/860f7540f1e8fad7d8612a858049c209.png" width="25" height="25">

_26-Oct-20 11:59 AM_:	Hi @everyone!  The TE Commons is currently doing stakeholder research to make sure our launch benefits everyone holistically as well as individually.  In order to do that, we need your help!  Please fill out our quick survey by Wednesday (can do so anonymously) so we don't forget about you!

Survey:
[Token Engineering Stakeholder Interview](https://ehanover21.typeform.com/to/z358PCBi)





### Dulce#5092  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/435613945730957322/9d19715a62b772fe96256cae20fe07ea.png" width="25" height="25">

_26-Oct-20 04:25 PM_:	Please if you like to be interviewed for our work in TE-Academy, feel to add your name here 
[TEC Recording Interviews](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jBof8RbV5zvz4TdKdqbul4UYTkNXl1Q35GBTJ2uny4I/edit)

### akrtws#4246  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_28-Oct-20 09:42 AM_:	Just reading through PrimeDAO D2D [https://medium.com/primedao/it-takes-a-cryptonetwork-2ae9ab541c17](https://medium.com/primedao/it-takes-a-cryptonetwork-2ae9ab541c17)
- this concept makes a lot of sense for e.g. the overlapping goals of CommonsStack &lt;&gt; TE Commons &lt;&gt; cadCAD.
Let's keep this in mind as one item on the list for the scenarios.
                    
That said, I think it'd be important to talk to Z/Catoya or Jeff to get cadCAD stakeholder inputs!

### liviade#1387  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width="25" height="25">

_28-Oct-20 12:30 PM_:	@JeffEmmett you were talking about this recently

I updated the wg manifesto - I think we have great leads for a second iteration here. I'll be happy to start planning it next week with whoever is interested [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3Zp8VxVra1usaIwcf_p8F4berw_EezGkYQALmTz3Ng/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3Zp8VxVra1usaIwcf_p8F4berw_EezGkYQALmTz3Ng/edit#)

### JeffEmmett#7202  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/379773201405706260/ef3f53d5871426014623b8af291e195d.png" width="25" height="25">

_28-Oct-20 02:25 PM_:	
> Just reading through PrimeDAO D2D [It Takes a Cryptonetwork](https://medium.com/primedao/it-takes-a-cryptonetwork-2ae9ab541c17)
>> Prime‚Äôs Strategy for DAO to DAO Relations ü§ù

- this concept makes a lot of sense for e.g. the overlapping goals of CommonsStack &lt;&gt; TE Commons &lt;&gt; cadCAD.
Let's keep this in mind as one item on the list for the scenarios.
@akrtws Dao 2 Dao interactions is definitely the plan all around, although how those interactions are structured will have to vary on the properties of each DAO in consideration (e.g. REP sharing between DAOs is only relevant for DAOs with REP)


I found a number of the deeper links from that article very interesting:  [Knowledge Management](https://ecosystem.daoincubator.org/fractalizing/knowledge-management)

[DAOmesh: Large-scale collaboration through a network of small DAOs ...](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1br9NRMa8YuxVciiKOy66XnenVG2hNv5zNrQtakmuulk/edit)
> DAOmesh: Large-scale collaboration through a network of small DAOs connected by bounties Or: World Wide Web for a collaborative economy 1. Intro Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAOs) are organizations where members collaborate through a smart contract enabled blockchai...


[D2D Reputation Sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18GF3f130miEsaASw-TRCHR-qRtbL8y-UsfusV7pXuZg/edit)
> DAO to DAO Reputation Sharing Rawson, Weller (2018)  The following is a discussion of DAO to DAO (D2D) reputation sharing, specifically in relation to DAOstack‚Äôs holographic consensus framework, but also applicable to other reputation-based decentralized organization (dOrg)* ...
                    
I think connecting the Commons Stack as a _design pattern_, TEC as an _implementation_ thereof, and cadCAD as a _tool to manage the transition_ from pattern to implementation &amp; back again with new learnings is a bit more nuanced than, say, connecting (e.g.) TEC &amp; MolochDAO funding pools to fund common proposals
                    
But D2D interactions on all of these levels definitely need to be figured out, happy to be a part of the convo!


### solsista#5370  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/466370740468318208/8e1527bd1816443128bb26787073be8b.png" width="25" height="25">

_29-Oct-20 09:55 AM_:	I think it will payoff the have an actual modeling of TE Commons according to [https://medium.com/commonsstack/architecting-the-cyber-physical-commons-a294d88b5415](https://medium.com/commonsstack/architecting-the-cyber-physical-commons-a294d88b5415) before mixing it with more and more wild compositions with anything that comes up. It doesn't make sense @griff has been emphasizing - but then it is dogfooding, an experiment, that when funding is achieved, a proper portion goes to improving it accordingly. I would like to put an absolute veto on making things complicated without even having a somewhat sensible model of value creation and sharing potential of TE community.

### akrtws#4246  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_29-Oct-20 11:04 AM_:	"- Interfaces for mutual shareholding and governance.
- Formation of joint ventures for common product and protocol development.
- Shared community resources.
- From Prisoners Dilemma to non zero-sum Coordination Games." 
quoting PrimeDAO here - many ways to interact, we don't have to start with mixed token mechanisms right away.





### Jonass#8384  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/512927144800944139/71c7d13e7de33751a6ab8af5a5282949.png" width="25" height="25">

_02-Nov-20 09:52 AM_:	
> Pls share the video and all documentation!

All the important documents should be in this Folder.  @Dulce please feel free to add anything that is missing! 
[https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/15rsKMaAb3cRlUoehhHGqFi3VyFXMQ0Xg?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/15rsKMaAb3cRlUoehhHGqFi3VyFXMQ0Xg?usp=sharing)

### Jonass#8384  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/512927144800944139/71c7d13e7de33751a6ab8af5a5282949.png" width="25" height="25">

_02-Nov-20 10:02 AM_:	I had interesting interviews with Justin from Boson Protocol and Jakub from HydraDX in the last few days. 

Here is the link for the interview with Justin from Boson 

[Interview Justin Banon - Boson Protocol](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J-5ZmGPnnjfr1qUacoLUQ8Gh1hwmMshiEi4AsBongy4/edit?usp=sharing)

Here is the link for the interview with Jakub from HydraDX

[Interview Jakub Gregus - HydraDX](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NpudB4mNvk0zc_cdbFl_eIFHBD2egGAVmtEira1CWhA/edit?usp=sharing)

Both organisations are interested in contributing to the TEC! Especially HydraDX wants to know more background on the TEC, and are interested to join a community call this week (what or who should I refer them to?)

In this process of interviewing outside organisations I changed the questions a little bit, as most of them are not actively involved in the TEC, and obviously not that knowledgable about it. Please check out the interview script from Jakub (HydraDX) above and give feedback on the questions!





### akrtws#4246  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width="25" height="25">

_05-Nov-20 08:05 AM_:	and regarding the incentive, that's a good question, I'll dish you praise for it now and set an amount with @griff  in the quantification meeting Friday do you have a suggestion for how much cred we should give for onboarding stakeholders?
@liviade I think onboarding of stakeholders is one of the most important activities for the hatch (and beyond). 
Some ideas, brainstorming here: 
To meet the targets Griff's has set in the document, there could be a dedicated campaign (timeframe to be set), offering contributors a praise "boost" or additional impact hours.
We could count 2 activities:
a) Leads (+50%): for every contact a contributor adds to the list that informally agreed to be contacted for the hatch
b) Conversions (+100%, or relative to the hatching amount acquired): for every hatcher (signed membership, take part in the hatch, minimum amount?) a contributor onboarded (provide all information, answer on questions)
Ideally, all contributors eligible for this onboarding boost should be member of the Onboarding working group (to keep information in sync).

### AmwFund#0979  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/655144629481635841/90cef7262e7210f1f63bc5ea3bb646d9.png" width="25" height="25">

_05-Nov-20 12:24 PM_:	Great discussion all. Just catching up in here. Thnx for all the work @liviade. 

I have agreed to take on the Onboarding Working Group lead role. I will mostly be acting as a catherder, delegator, admin workhorse, wg cross-pollinator and will be heavily relying on all of you for all of the important pieces. You are all already deep into it, looking forward to learning as I am really a subject matter novice.

Just let me know how I can make the gears click more efficiently, and give me just a bit of time to get into the workflow.

Starting with a follow-up to our initial sync of a few days ago. Do you already have a regular timeslot on discord voice that easily works for everyone? If  not, make suggestions and I will do the same üòÖ






### liviade#1387  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width="25" height="25">

_09-Nov-20 09:43 PM_:	oh wow @Dulce I just finished reading this cred document 

[TEC Onboarding Cryptoeconomics Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jGJlLisb3ZcFz-4amkgjjnh5GobLJnGeHNZx7gqK8Zo/edit)
> Cryptoeconomics Working Doc Goal NOTE: This will update with survey feedback. Create a process for the onboarding to the Hatch, which prioritizes extensibility and modularity unlocks liquidity to drive engagement advancing the TE discipline fairly compensates current TEC contr...

this is so in line with what we are discussing and there is such a huge need for the praise 2.0 - I know Eli is taking care of other priorities now, but if any of you Dulce or Jonas want to jump back into this brainstorming with me I would really appreciate that

### drllau#2628  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/551837798399737879/667222b1d55ec24c04e2cb8c8666a1b7.png" width="25" height="25">

_09-Nov-20 09:57 PM_:	

> oh wow @Dulce I just finished reading this cred document

What is the (mental) model for this Cred ... is it
a) **endowment** where look for donations, employ coders and then give public goods to beneficiaries (however defined)
b) **co-operative** where coding studios price aggregated services, and rebate cost (to get to zero profit) and everyone benefits from a communal stack
c) **crowd-funding** where proposals are pitched and get financed through voting with your wallet
d) some other new approach (eg social bonds or extreme markets) which hasn't been tried before

### AmwFund#0979  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/655144629481635841/90cef7262e7210f1f63bc5ea3bb646d9.png" width="25" height="25">

_11-Nov-20 11:13 AM_:	‚òé
Onboarding-TEC Voice [https://discord.gg/TuKF5DyMnE](https://discord.gg/TuKF5DyMnE)

Agenda [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DsaTuJ6s9CXfe-YT6Y0KmtKbAKHv6jPLEBdPKxNUSZs/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DsaTuJ6s9CXfe-YT6Y0KmtKbAKHv6jPLEBdPKxNUSZs/edit?usp=sharing)
Manifesto [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3Zp8VxVra1usaIwcf_p8F4berw_EezGkYQALmTz3Ng/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3Zp8VxVra1usaIwcf_p8F4berw_EezGkYQALmTz3Ng/edit?usp=sharing)
Github [https://github.com/CommonsBuild/coordination/projects/7](https://github.com/CommonsBuild/coordination/projects/7)


### griff#3281  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/395673197615513600/29a506011b5a6221f234c9ba91de6ef1.png" width="25" height="25">

_11-Nov-20 12:37 PM_:	

[TEC Presentation Lite](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9sAlf2XitY)

![](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/k9sAlf2XitY/maxresdefault.jpg)

                    
^^^ Jonas' Onboarding research üòÑ

### liviade#1387  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width="25" height="25">

_11-Nov-20 04:51 PM_:	Hey @eli_, thanks! I gathered everything in this forum post, I love the idea of a praise 2.0 you guys proposed, if we could draft a more solid plan for it would be great!

[Contribution Reward ‚≠êÔ∏è](https://forum.tecommons.org/t/contribution-reward/70)
> Last week in soft gov we started to look at alternative contribution reward systems.  Praise has been working great (!) and I haven‚Äôt seen a more encompassing reward method so far (praise to @Griff for that). The problem is that every week, more and more work happens, more ent...

### eli_#0534  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/512745291313840128/860f7540f1e8fad7d8612a858049c209.png" width="25" height="25">

_11-Nov-20 06:51 PM_:	Is there a subgroup for spinning up SourceCred?  That in itself is a task and probably is deserving of its own WG.
                    
As I mentioned on GH, this is an extremely elegant pairing with the TEC.  If SourceCred acts as an accounting layer for who did what, voters can act periodically to inject funds into the community based on that accounting.

<u>This allows contributors to contribute knowing that they can be rewarded after the fact, which will help unlock a lock of human capital.</u>
        
Voters can also decide to allocate funds on different funding policies, so we're not wedded to anything here.



### JessicaZartler#2263  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/734527275630067746/f22afc0e56286dfc9b99181251f9be5b.png" width="25" height="25">

_12-Nov-20 07:30 PM_:	 Want to add you to 
[Content Piece Blog or Forum: What kinds of proposals/projects we wo...](https://github.com/CommonsBuild/coordination/issues/74)

üìãüìãüéâ

### griff#3281  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/395673197615513600/29a506011b5a6221f234c9ba91de6ef1.png" width="25" height="25">

_16-Nov-20 11:14 AM_:	

[Soft Governance &amp; Culture](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_kkC0kIM=/?moveToWidget=3074457351528109791&amp;cot=12) Miro

### griff#3281  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/395673197615513600/29a506011b5a6221f234c9ba91de6ef1.png" width="25" height="25">

_18-Nov-20 12:17 PM_:	

[ZenHub](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/core-team-organization-5f1206c0362e7b000fc0161b/board?labels=onboardingwg&amp;repos=280516198,306706322)

### ygg_anderson#4998  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/659828514924658688/dd3da91acbb1b0a8f23b7547a0556653.png" width="25" height="25">

_19-Nov-20 01:08 AM_:	Great call everyone, ZenHub is awesome! 

[TEC Week 47 2020 -  Onboarding WG: ZenHub!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15DUIVPwkzs)
> This week, there is a great demo of ZenHub for project management! Also learn how to use GitHub to create and modify issues. Priorities include onboarding proposals and hatchers! Everyone should write a blog post about themselves and send it to Jess!

### Zeptimus#3359  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/183879548394274816/5e45f3338bd1b9a2a524cde1083166f6.png" width="25" height="25">

_19-Nov-20 07:37 AM_:	

[Onboarding and Resources Guide to the TEC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UDnf26QQqqc77mnhn80MLCVzJU6IdvouT-OXPrIVXCg/edit)
> TEC Onboarding and Resources Guide   This is a living document constantly updated to assist new collaborators as well as every one participating in the TE Commons Cultural Build. We are following this roadmap. This is not an onboarding document for the TE discipline.   üå±

there is also a spanish a spanish version! [TEC Introducci&#243;n y gu&#237;a](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XNpkRKsGe4apsA3MSBGSjxbQAsIxFBj7V5EsJqoxA1o/edit)
> TEC Introducci&#243;n y gu&#237;a.    Este documento estar&#225; siendo actualizado constantemente para ayudar tanto a los nuevos colaboradores como a aquellos que ya est&#225;n participando en TE Commons Cultural Build.   Estamos siguiendo este roadmap.  Este documento no es una introducci&#243;n sob...




### JessicaZartler#2263  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/734527275630067746/f22afc0e56286dfc9b99181251f9be5b.png" width="25" height="25">

_01-Dec-20 01:58 PM_:	üí∏

üåàüåàüòÑ

üõ†

‚ùìDo you know a project who is doing great work that could use funding? Any ideas about who we could/should approach and build a bridge with?

üìù
[TEC_Curate](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RJK8gPqUoRfehX9e60sTCMAM_R1rI2CuiV1r-i3wAXQ/edit)


### liviade#1387  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width="25" height="25">

_02-Dec-20 10:45 AM_:	hey @eli_  I'm organizing this working group documents, but I can't find all the interviews, is there a place I can find them other than this drive?[https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/16iXxRMzV4jqQNK0gZE5pXnHRV3AkJfNb](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/16iXxRMzV4jqQNK0gZE5pXnHRV3AkJfNb)


### liviade#1387  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width="25" height="25">

_02-Dec-20 12:06 PM_:	

[TEC Resources](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Bm57hzwSJav0tmLJ6uqvMRdCr22w3pVHo6rC1AsS5vg/edit)
> TEC WG Resources Soft Gov WG Steward - Livia Meetings - Tuesdays 7pm CET  Soft Gov manifesto 1 and 2   1st round meetings and agenda happened on Miro  Soft Gov Miro Board  2nd round agenda  Ostrom Principles and meetings agenda   Initiatives from the soft gov wg  Collaborators Airtable  SourceC...




### ygg_anderson#4998  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/659828514924658688/dd3da91acbb1b0a8f23b7547a0556653.png" width="25" height="25">

_09-Dec-20 01:06 PM_:	The introduction to OceanDAO:

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/765605188076830751/786292634749632562/unknown.png)

### JessicaZartler#2263  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/734527275630067746/f22afc0e56286dfc9b99181251f9be5b.png" width="25" height="25">

_09-Dec-20 02:13 PM_:	Heya @eduardovegap and Onboarding team -- one more thing -- we have a public good Twitter collective where we share things for RTing - we could offer this to projects submitting proposals to join the sharing network - or wait until our new Discord and have a channel for that

Also, a reminder, when offering the weekly sync elevator pitch position, check with the Stewards first to coordinate which date - I will add a column for this too in the sheet

### eli_#0534  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/512745291313840128/860f7540f1e8fad7d8612a858049c209.png" width="25" height="25">

_10-Dec-20 09:51 AM_:	got all fired up this morning about something that I think could help with the SourceCred implementation, feedback/criticism very welcome 

[Contribution Reward ‚≠êÔ∏è](https://forum.tecommons.org/t/contribution-reward/70/10) üßê


### JessicaZartler#2263  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/734527275630067746/f22afc0e56286dfc9b99181251f9be5b.png" width="25" height="25">

_16-Dec-20 12:23 PM_:	üìù

There is a summary and short how to in this week's blog post - so if you are helping to onboard a project to submit a proposal you can use this as a template - let me know if you have questions or have anymore ideas to communicate on this

Thank you everyone! üôè


[Token Engineering Commons (@tecmns)](https://twitter.com/tecmns/status/1339163363444543488)\
> üì∞üå±üìöüó≥üé•üõ£üíé
> Read it now:
> [https://t.co/LeUgxA0mnk](https://t.co/LeUgxA0mnk)


### liviade#1387  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width="25" height="25">

_23-Dec-20 12:53 PM_:	

[Hatch Onboarding FAQ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JWZ2ZXlh4oyIvUWgN9Dg8CdSuExh0Mn_Fq1adJ9W1Pw/edit)
> Hatch Onboarding FAQ   Please write who is the project/ person you are onboarding and the questions they had during their onboarding to submit a proposal or to participate in the hatch.    Angela and TE Academy questions:  Wesley and the Token Log questions:  Alex and the Spirit Foundation questi...

### eduardovegap#0422  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/573648007384530954/310c0a2e60f78ef733bfea824eddfbf7.png" width="25" height="25">

_06-Jan-21 12:51 PM_:	

[Onboarding Working Group Manifesto - v. 1.06.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3Zp8VxVra1usaIwcf_p8F4berw_EezGkYQALmTz3Ng/edit)
> Onboarding Working Group Manifesto    Doc owner/OWG Community Stewards : Craig Anderson / Eduardo Vega-Pati&#241;o TG handlers: @cranders71 and @vegayp.  First of all, welcome to the Onboarding Working Group Manifesto. The next thing you need to know, is that this isn‚Äôt a document to Welcome and give...

### ygg_anderson#4998  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/659828514924658688/dd3da91acbb1b0a8f23b7547a0556653.png" width="25" height="25">

_10-Jan-21 06:07 AM_:	Can anyone point me towards the ultimate XDAI explanation videos? XDAI scares me and confuses me, and I'm a tech god that loves using eth... lol

I would propose an XDAI and ETH interactions - ARAGON - workshop in the #&#128300;-tec-labs  - I know that 

Meanwhile, reading this:

[Metamask Setup](https://www.xdaichain.com/for-users/wallets/metamask/metamask-setup)

Setup your custom RPC to connect to Metamask

![](https://app.gitbook.com/share/space/thumbnail/-Lpi9AHj62wscNlQjI-l.png)

Hmm.. pinned forum link 404s for me... It includes the üå±

[Kicking off the Token Engineering Commons](https://medium.com/token-engineering-commons/kicking-off-the-token-engineering-commons-be6a253cba81)
> The TEC envisions a world with safe digital economies that protect and support public goods

### santigs#9769  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/434632218246381569/ecb10317edc17d2e273d2404cc6f6a52.png" width="25" height="25">

_10-Jan-21 06:11 AM_:	There are some video tutorials in the 1hive forum which might be usefull

[1Hive-101 Beeginner Video Tutorials](https://forum.1hive.org/t/1hive-101-beeginner-video-tutorials/217/3)
> üçØ üá™  üá¶üá™

![](https://forum.1hive.org/uploads/default/original/1X/030877e9d57cf8530f3821a311a52201e4090d3f.jpeg)


### santigs#9769  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/434632218246381569/ecb10317edc17d2e273d2404cc6f6a52.png" width="25" height="25">

_10-Jan-21 06:13 AM_:	this one has a bunch of text explaining all about 1hive, including xdai configuration

[Everything about 1Hive in one place - newFAQ in development](https://forum.1hive.org/t/everything-about-1hive-in-one-place-newfaq-in-development/180)
> Everything about 1Hive, Honey/HNY, and xDAI in one place  So you heard about xDAI, HNY and 1Hive and are looking to get into the Hive.  1) Welcome to 1Hive.  2) The Hive is really, really, new, expect to encounter issues and bugs.   Discorse 1Hive Help/Support Thread - 1Hive Help/Support Thread  Discord 1Hive #help - [https://discord.gg/cMemuJ](https://discord.gg/cMemuJ)   ...

![](https://forum.1hive.org/uploads/default/original/1X/fccdd26d3a72bd9040cbf99b493c72f3d337826f.png)

### ygg_anderson#4998  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/659828514924658688/dd3da91acbb1b0a8f23b7547a0556653.png" width="25" height="25">

_10-Jan-21 06:31 AM_:	I figured out the bridge, it's super simple here: [https://xdai.io/](https://xdai.io/)

But it was going to be $17 just to make the swap from DAI to XDAI! So 


### JessicaZartler#2263  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/734527275630067746/f22afc0e56286dfc9b99181251f9be5b.png" width="25" height="25">

_13-Jan-21 12:56 PM_:	

[Token Engineering Commons (@tecmns)](https://twitter.com/tecmns/status/1344338161468641288)
> Working on a #TokenEngineering project that needs funding? What does a TE public good actually mean? 
> 
> Read this to find out &amp; see if your project should apply for funding from the TEC [https://t.co/BjyoFZ9uYW](https://t.co/BjyoFZ9uYW)

![](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EqgK4_rXIAEJ4nb.jpg)

We can improve this message a bit for a template for Discord/Telegram and pass this around


### griff#3281  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/395673197615513600/29a506011b5a6221f234c9ba91de6ef1.png" width="25" height="25">

_31-Jan-21 06:52 PM_:	

[Welcome to the AmpleSense DAO Community Hub - AmpleSense DAO Commun...](https://forum.amplesense.io/)

These guys might be down to make a proposal and partner up




### cyotee#1337  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/346448453867405315/e393ae8afac2afa369a2166f95d1f234.png" width="25" height="25">

_05-Feb-21 10:11 AM_:	@griff fill me in on what you need. I have several designs that incorporate rebasing tokens in their design. 4 teams across 4 projects that we're completing before we move to the ones that use rebasing. And I've been loosely working with Debase.

<h3>griff#3281  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/395673197615513600/29a506011b5a6221f234c9ba91de6ef1.png" width="25" height="25" /></h3>

_05-Feb-21 11:43 PM_:	Well need is a strong word... what we would probably love to fund is for the models you have to be cleaned up and generalized and documented for reuse by the token engineering community.

The goal here is making token engineering public goods

It's too hard to do token engineering right now when you have to start from scratch...  most projects just skip it, and if it's done, it's rarely cleaned up enough for public consumption and evaluation.

I have never seen a solid simulation for a rebate token...

### cyotee#1337  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/346448453867405315/e393ae8afac2afa369a2166f95d1f234.png" width="25" height="25">

_06-Feb-21 09:30 AM_:	@griff then let's schedule a meeting. I've been working on exactly that with AuditDAO and my charity. I'll save the philosophizing about "public goods" for another time. It seem we can both agree that the sector needs a lot of support with infrastructure and standards. I've been working on turning Open Zeppelin into a more complete set of libraries for contract development. basically trying to turn it into the Spring Framework.

And I've been working on refining that use my Workflow design pattern to build that into something like Spring Boot to facilitate development.

I plan on combining that with a community driven non-profit DAO to define software and business process standards and practices that aren't compulsory, but generally recognized as "table stakes" of decentralized projects by defining basic standards that a project should meet while allowing room for various resolutions based on the project design.

And part of this an attempt to define a decentralized authentication standard using a trust score predicated on verifying control of a subset of encryption keys of the set of encryption keys claimed or independently referenced to the identity. And this could be dine using existing implementations of ENS, IPFS/IPLD, and PGP. I think you could also add in tokenized certificates to effectively bring in TLS to allow for organizational delegation of revokable authority to go along with the identity verification.

I have some revenue generating ideas to apply these designs. But that's only to prove their utility and get funding to develop and publish.

### griff#3281  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/395673197615513600/29a506011b5a6221f234c9ba91de6ef1.png" width="25" height="25">

_10-Feb-21 06:54 AM_:	NICE! And is there a public python model of how rebasing works? 

I would love to see a baseline cadCAD or Token Spice model of a rebasing token... I assume you saw what happened to TREE, it would have been nice for them to have some baseline modeling tools to support the design







### Juankbell#0000  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/0.png" width="25" height="25">

_02-Mar-21 12:17 PM_:	This is the link for the scholarship, [CS Membership](https://develop--tech-dapp.netlify.app/)  and this is the link to contribute  

[Commons Stack Association](https://beta.giveth.io/campaigns/5feb2ca1dae3134bd0166dd6)
> The Commons Stack Association is a Swiss Association based in Zug.     The purpose of the Association is to design, simulate and support commons-based micro-economies to sustain public goods through incentive alignment, continuous funding and&#160;community governance. The Association promotes this, in particular, by providing financial&#160;support to as...

### natesuits#0000  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/0.png" width="25" height="25">

_04-Mar-21 08:08 PM_:	Soliciting Feedback on Hatcher FAQ Page: [https://app.gitbook.com/@suits-nathan/s/hatcher-faq/](https://app.gitbook.com/@suits-nathan/s/hatcher-faq/)

Feedback Can be submitted to Draft Document: 
[Hatcher Outreach FAQ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16UI-EfD4qcwBaAv3Eexlv01SOK7oiDt4gkVT5rEY6X4/edit)
> Hatcher Outreach FAQ &amp; Notes  For those who are keeping up with this document, I have attempted to format it into a more approachable method of engagement...so I have started a Gitbook Page for the FAQ.  I‚Äôm hoping to make it a little more comprehensive.    Gitbook Page: [https://app.gitbook.com/@](https://app.gitbook.com/@)...

### griff#0000  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/814556011973050398/23751c3738959ac73d50b2ebca98f375.png" width="25" height="25">

_09-Mar-21 10:02 AM_:	

[Hatcher Outreach Notes from Onbarding.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vja9gRNE06RTOTjKWws4uFc06jWlpYFiK3dowWozBbI/edit)
> Hatcher Outreach Notes  This a document to share notes from meetings with Hatchers.    Reference docs Original script for Onboarding Hatchers  Updated Script  FAQ    Set frame of mind	1 Topics to cover	2 Notes from the sessions	2 Onboarding Santi / Tamara + Jake	2 Onboarding Eduardo / Jake + Ta...

### Tam2140#0000  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/814556011973050398/9b56f59ac341f2eb929f1ff31e73c240.png" width="25" height="25">

_17-Mar-21 01:13 PM_:	

[Hatcher Outreach script for active in TEC now](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DcUsEQ0XpHhCsA97c0HZhX2RofOaTEzLTE-51PGlWFs/edit)
> Hatchers outreach for those active in TEC now   Updated FAQ. (If someone has a question, and you don‚Äôt know the answer) Hatcher Outreach Notes    Outreach Message	1 Outreach Session	2 Set frame of mind	2 Introductions	2 What are we here for?	2 Why TEC?	2 What makes a good Hatcher	2 Trusted Seed...

### griff#0000  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/814556011973050398/23751c3738959ac73d50b2ebca98f375.png" width="25" height="25">

_17-Mar-21 02:24 PM_:	@Tam2140 here are 40 gitcoin projects that i saw that might be able to propose something to the TE Commons

[https://gitcoin.co/grants/cart/bulk-add/517;5000;316,277;5000;316,2305;5000;316,308;4000;316,1595;3000;316,1141;2000;316,1666;2000;316,522;2000;316,1041;1000;316,1158;1000;316,331;1000;316,816;1000;316,191;1000;316,798;1000;316,216;1000;316,490;1000;316,1638;1000;316,524;1000;316,1700;1000;316,1297;1000;316,1573;1000;316,63;1000;316,1325;1000;316,514;800;316,1641;500;316,599;500;316,285;500;316,184;500;316,1772;500;316,1110;400;316,1691;300;316,49;300;316,1635;300;316,775;300;316,482;300;316,1669;100;316,1219;100;316,1540;100;316,899;100;316,806;100;316,565;100;316,:griffgreen](https://gitcoin.co/grants/cart/bulk-add/517;5000;316,277;5000;316,2305;5000;316,308;4000;316,1595;3000;316,1141;2000;316,1666;2000;316,522;2000;316,1041;1000;316,1158;1000;316,331;1000;316,816;1000;316,191;1000;316,798;1000;316,216;1000;316,490;1000;316,1638;1000;316,524;1000;316,1700;1000;316,1297;1000;316,1573;1000;316,63;1000;316,1325;1000;316,514;800;316,1641;500;316,599;500;316,285;500;316,184;500;316,1772;500;316,1110;400;316,1691;300;316,49;300;316,1635;300;316,775;300;316,482;300;316,1669;100;316,1219;100;316,1540;100;316,899;100;316,806;100;316,565;100;316,:griffgreen)


### Tam2140#0000  <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/814556011973050398/9b56f59ac341f2eb929f1ff31e73c240.png" width="25" height="25">

_18-Mar-21 08:21 AM_:	@sinsan [https://gitcoin.co/grants/1693/eu-crypto-initiative-educating-eu-policy-makers-an](https://gitcoin.co/grants/1693/eu-crypto-initiative-educating-eu-policy-makers-an)
> The EUCI is an informal and friendly initiative focused on impacting the future EU crypto regulation in favor of decentralized use cases, open blockchains, and generally permissionless innovation in the space. Now, more than ever, there is a need for an open discussion &amp; dialogue with the European Institutions.The EU Crypto Initiative aims to sh...

And this 

[Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=NW1rZXAxYWQxajg2MGs2ZzdpN2ZyOHBscTBAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

With Google's free online calendar, it‚Äôs easy to keep track of life‚Äôs important events all in one place.

