# WG_te-governance-guild

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/icons/810180621930070088/a_63973c670c5e6c42096470ebcb6a0301.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/icons/810180621930070088/a_63973c670c5e6c42096470ebcb6a0301.png)

Token Engineering Commons

‚îÅ‚îÅWORKING GROUP TEXT‚îÅ‚îÅ / üß©ÔΩúte-governance-guild

After 19-Mar-21 12:00 AM

<h3>liviade <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_06-May-22 11:57 AM_:
@akrtws (TE Academy) @zhiwei @inventandchill @pat.zip (TE Academy) new channel <img src="https://twemoji.maxcdn.com/2/72x72/1f973.png" width=20 height=20>

(edited)



<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_06-May-22 12:55 PM_:

Hi everyone, let's check our program for next Wednesday! Here's a list of topics that came up in previous sessions: A - discuss Guild policy B - create a TE Tools overview as a public good (compare cadCAD, tokenSPICE, machinations...) C - TE career, recommendations for making your next step, choosing the right environment D - Defining your own guild project as a TE community contribution, routes to fund it and get things going Please vote by Sunday with clicking one of the emojis - thanks! (edited)





<h3>liviade <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_09-May-22 07:30 PM_:

we could discuss policies async. 1 - what is the process to become a guild member 2 - what is the process for projects to receive feedback from the guild any other points we need to define?

<h3>liviade <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_10-May-22 08:29 AM_:

@Tam2140

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png)

liviade

[we could discuss policies async. 1 - what is the process to become a guild member 2 - what is the process for projects to receive feedback from the guild any other points we need to define?](about:blank#)

<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_10-May-22 11:48 AM_:

3 - what's the main purpose of this group (consulting vs. develop the discipline & learn) 4 - what do we expect from a guild member 5 - what can a guild member expect from fellow members 6 - temporary membership? temporary active contribution? minimum active contribution etc.

OK - we'll discuss tomorrow: D - Defining your own guild project as a TE community contribution, routes to fund it and get things going and if we have time left C - TE career, recommendations for making your next step, choosing the right environment Bring your questions and insights everyone!


<h3>durgadas <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/249005209710362624/fd52223eb3a60649ccd2e83b04f65f61.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_11-May-22 01:07 PM_:

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/972164791479177226/973994897818386563/8_Forms_Of_Wealth.jpg](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/972164791479177226/973994897818386563/8_Forms_Of_Wealth.jpg)

<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_11-May-22 01:10 PM_:

Thanks for sharing @durgadas !

<h3>durgadas <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/249005209710362624/fd52223eb3a60649ccd2e83b04f65f61.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_11-May-22 01:11 PM_:

I don't know if you guys had seen this before

<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_11-May-22 01:14 PM_:

@zhiwei @inventandchill @Thomas @Emerick - Figment - the task of next week's session: - propose a guild project you'd like to work on - relevant for the TE community - motivated by your personal interest - add some facts: - how much time would you like to invest - what's the result? when consider it a success? - by when you'd like to achieve this result? @Thomas could you take over facilitating the next session? Let me know if you have any questions.


![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png)

akrtws (TE Academy)

[@zhiwei @inventandchill @Thomas @Emerick - Figment - the task of next week's session: - propose a guild project you'd like to work on - relevant for the TE community - motivated by your personal interest - add some facts: - how much time would you like to invest - what's the result? when consider it a success? - by when you'd like to achieve this result? @Thomas could you take over facilitating the next session? Let me know if you have any questions.](about:blank#)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 15-May-22 05:58 AM
Sorry just saw this now! But I can host the next session the next session


<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_18-May-22 01:01 PM_:

Some notes from our session today: - more Guild project presentations next week - additionally state what support you need from the Guild - two phases: phase 1 present your project and find collaborators, phase 2 kick-off if you've found the collaborators you need - project completion and success: define milestones, hit a milestone, earn praise, earn an NFT, make it part of your track record, hand over to new contributors to keep it alive without a need to commit work for forever - record the calls and publish in TEC YouTube - @rodbot2 to share DeepWorks approach (suggest projects) - Angela to share how to not let a project die (contribute to TE Knowledge Commons as a TE Fundamentals graduate) - we should have recordings/meeting notes - @rodbot2 to run the session next week (edited)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 25-May-22 01:11 PM

Proposed Agenda for next session: - Suggest a projects (if there any other suggestions) - Choose a project by voting on it - Ideating on proposed project so that it fit's interest of most guild member (e.g. DAO Health metrics - Member X may want to look at tokenholder distribution, whereas Member Y may want to look at Discord msg data) - If time, define action plan/ structure Miro Board: [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOxlaVzI=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOxlaVzI=/) (edited)

TE Guild


<h3>zhiwei <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/691020255580913796/ba3ba435bdff5beb55208d274e89d2a7.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_27-May-22 04:03 PM_:

Thanks for the note Thomas! I want to elaborate on how we suggest a project based on the discussion from the miro board. The following components are encouraged in presenting a project proposal: - 4-6 week milestones / MVP - existing collaborators - skill needed for the project; roles missing - feasibility check: what're the biggest roadblocks?


<h3>zhiwei <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/691020255580913796/ba3ba435bdff5beb55208d274e89d2a7.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_01-Jun-22 05:10 AM_:

Hey Everyone, i may have to miss the meeting today due to covid. Sorry I won't be able to facilitate this time.

<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_01-Jun-22 06:58 AM_:

Hi @zhiwei get well soon again! Everyone: let's have a brief checkin today after the Bsci meeting. And postpone all other topics to next week.

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png)

akrtws (TE Academy)

[Hi @zhiwei get well soon again! Everyone: let's have a brief checkin today after the Bsci meeting. And postpone all other topics to next week.](about:blank#)

<h3>liviade <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_01-Jun-22 12:08 PM_:

so we aren't meeting right now?

<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_01-Jun-22 12:10 PM_:

Yes, just opening the call!

[https://us02web.zoom.us/j/6985323627?pwd=QjV0cUlzYnVwbzAvTWlnaGxFYkRoQT09](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/6985323627?pwd=QjV0cUlzYnVwbzAvTWlnaGxFYkRoQT09)

Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting

Zoom is the leader in modern enterprise video communications, with an easy, reliable cloud platform for video and audio conferencing, chat, and webinars across mobile, desktop, and room systems. Zoom Rooms is the original software-based conference room solution used around the world in board, conference, huddle, and training rooms, as well as ex...

<h3>inventandchill <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/825058392300847185/9cd392d338b36e512f7e94d150a851e5.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_01-Jun-22 01:06 PM_:

[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17_Ne8WNGt72GT4DoTRk9FX1BsSwoxwCHXc2JxzIAIsw/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17_Ne8WNGt72GT4DoTRk9FX1BsSwoxwCHXc2JxzIAIsw/edit?usp=sharing)

DAO_table

Table Type of Metric,Metric,UniSwap,SushiSwap,Aave,Maker,OlympusDao,Links Tokenomics,[https://tokeneconomics.substack.com/](https://tokeneconomics.substack.com/) [https://consensys.net/blog/cryptoeconomic-research/tokenomics-research-september-2021/](https://consensys.net/blog/cryptoeconomic-research/tokenomics-research-september-2021/) On-chain (snapshot),Proportion of active participants in proposals to total participant...

[https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/cSsxkcDvIj54lidnluG1BJ1R2qxtKVjN9kcHGzqkOydjTNIZuSqnyEcOalVsCL8dQiiLmThWVlpOEQ=w1200-h630-p](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/cSsxkcDvIj54lidnluG1BJ1R2qxtKVjN9kcHGzqkOydjTNIZuSqnyEcOalVsCL8dQiiLmThWVlpOEQ=w1200-h630-p)




<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_02-Jun-22 09:16 AM_:

Nice! Added some comments.

The tokenomics comparison is 100% sth interesting to MANY. I wonder how to get valid numbers (beyond blog post announcments), though.


![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 03-Jun-22 02:45 AM
Hey everyone, I was wondering if any of you have some concrete data on the impact of Coordinape on a DAOs? i.e. when does it work well and when does it not. PrimeDAO is thinking about implementing Coordinape but I feel like it is developing into a discussion of anecdotal evidence (I am guilt too). Happy for any resources <img src="https://twemoji.maxcdn.com/2/72x72/1f642.png" width=20 height=20>

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/825058392300847185/9cd392d338b36e512f7e94d150a851e5.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/825058392300847185/9cd392d338b36e512f7e94d150a851e5.png)

inventandchill

[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17_Ne8WNGt72GT4DoTRk9FX1BsSwoxwCHXc2JxzIAIsw/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17_Ne8WNGt72GT4DoTRk9FX1BsSwoxwCHXc2JxzIAIsw/edit?usp=sharing)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 03-Jun-22 02:46 AM
@inventandchill can I jam on this by editing the doc - I have a couple of ideas <img src="https://twemoji.maxcdn.com/2/72x72/1f604.png" width=20 height=20>

(edited)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas

[@inventandchill can I jam on this by editing the doc - I have a couple of ideas   (edited)](about:blank#) <img src="https://twemoji.maxcdn.com/2/72x72/1f604.png" width=20 height=20>

<h3>inventandchill <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/825058392300847185/9cd392d338b36e512f7e94d150a851e5.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_03-Jun-22 02:52 AM_:

Hi Thomas! Free to add anything for everybody!


![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/825058392300847185/9cd392d338b36e512f7e94d150a851e5.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/825058392300847185/9cd392d338b36e512f7e94d150a851e5.png)

inventandchill

[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17_Ne8WNGt72GT4DoTRk9FX1BsSwoxwCHXc2JxzIAIsw/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17_Ne8WNGt72GT4DoTRk9FX1BsSwoxwCHXc2JxzIAIsw/edit?usp=sharing)

<h3>liviade <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_08-Jun-22 12:17 PM_:

this is the doc @bends was working on for TEC health metrics [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jAXe4MhOm6cdL-yjgpk_wUkEGZPCAvpJ-lyp1eLBX4o/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jAXe4MhOm6cdL-yjgpk_wUkEGZPCAvpJ-lyp1eLBX4o/edit#gid=0) -- relevant to this one

TEC Metrics

RawMetrics Raw Metrics - what variables are available without doing math Metric,Level,Source,Method # new members in TEC server ,Community,Discord,Discord Bot # total members in TEC server,Community,Discord,Discord Bot did an individual attend a given meeting,Individual,SourceCred,Discord Bot nu...

[https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/Hvn-xP3ZhUT9lSc8uU67AjV-amM5sLZe0XOcWUk72XvJkstvkcOgpWlENZeGJ4tZQY_PUc2OF5hDpw=w1200-h630-p](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/Hvn-xP3ZhUT9lSc8uU67AjV-amM5sLZe0XOcWUk72XvJkstvkcOgpWlENZeGJ4tZQY_PUc2OF5hDpw=w1200-h630-p)


![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png)

liviade

[this is the doc @bends was working on for TEC health metrics](about:blank#)

[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jAXe4MhOm6cdL-yjgpk_wUkEGZPCAvpJ-lyp1eLBX4o/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jAXe4MhOm6cdL-yjgpk_wUkEGZPCAvpJ-lyp1eLBX4o/edit#gid=0)

-- relevant to this one

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 09-Jun-22 03:36 PM

Hi all, I have the potential to get some contributors from prime involved into the project (nothing confirmed yet - I just know of some interest/ shared work). Here the intention is not to add them to the guild but to the project too pool work done to the project. Wdyt? 1 concerns I have: - if it should get to funding - more contributor = more money = more difficult? (edited)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png)

liviade

[this is the doc @bends was working on for TEC health metrics](about:blank#)

[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jAXe4MhOm6cdL-yjgpk_wUkEGZPCAvpJ-lyp1eLBX4o/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jAXe4MhOm6cdL-yjgpk_wUkEGZPCAvpJ-lyp1eLBX4o/edit#gid=0)

-- relevant to this one

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 09-Jun-22 03:36 PM
We should definitely take most of them over <img src="https://twemoji.maxcdn.com/2/72x72/1f605.png" width=20 height=20>

Great Basis

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png)

liviade

[this is the doc @bends was working on for TEC health metrics](about:blank#)

[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jAXe4MhOm6cdL-yjgpk_wUkEGZPCAvpJ-lyp1eLBX4o/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jAXe4MhOm6cdL-yjgpk_wUkEGZPCAvpJ-lyp1eLBX4o/edit#gid=0)

-- relevant to this one

<h3>innov8tor3 <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/530682470232883210/193353ccfcbc44b9892dbb7a5862c455.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_14-Jun-22 03:31 AM_:

Just wondering whether #üïäÔΩúgravity have some part in health metrics?

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas

[Hi all, I have the potential to get some contributors from prime involved into the project (nothing confirmed yet - I just know of some interest/ shared work). Here the intention is not to add them to the guild but to the project too pool work done to the project. Wdyt? 1 concerns I have: - if it should get to funding - more contributor = more money = more difficult?  (edited)](about:blank#)

<h3>innov8tor3 <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/530682470232883210/193353ccfcbc44b9892dbb7a5862c455.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_14-Jun-22 03:32 AM_:

Try looking in Bankless, who have channels focused on contributor MH ...

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas

[Hi all, I have the potential to get some contributors from prime involved into the project (nothing confirmed yet - I just know of some interest/ shared work). Here the intention is not to add them to the guild but to the project too pool work done to the project. Wdyt? 1 concerns I have: - if it should get to funding - more contributor = more money = more difficult?  (edited)](about:blank#)

<h3>innov8tor3 <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/530682470232883210/193353ccfcbc44b9892dbb7a5862c455.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_14-Jun-22 03:32 AM_:

If you need any project management advice, I can recommend @Tam2140 , she's awesome at it!



![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas

[We should definitely take most of them over](about:blank#)  <img src="https://twemoji.maxcdn.com/2/72x72/1f605.png" width=20 height=20>

<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_14-Jun-22 11:40 AM_:

Hi @Thomas and guild! I've added some notes in the doc - regarding the DAOs to include in a comparison, feel free to take a look. On the next meeting tomorrow: I have a calendar conflict and won't be able to join. @inventandchill could you run the session, share a Google Meet/Zoom link, and facilitate? Thanks! (edited)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/530682470232883210/193353ccfcbc44b9892dbb7a5862c455.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/530682470232883210/193353ccfcbc44b9892dbb7a5862c455.png)

innov8tor3

[Try looking in Bankless, who have channels focused on contributor MH ...](about:blank#)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 14-Jun-22 04:18 PM

Thanks for the heads up! Will check it!


<h3>liviade <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_15-Jun-22 09:20 AM_:

Hey everyone, I'm on vacation this week and won't be able to join today too


![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 15-Jun-22 12:05 PM

Hey for the others do you want to meet here: [https://meet.google.com/grd-ubha-sof](https://meet.google.com/grd-ubha-sof) Else we can cancel the call too if that's more convienent

Meet

Real-time meetings by Google. Using your browser, share your video, desktop, and presentations with teammates and customers.

![https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/i/productlogos/meet_2020q4/v1/web-96dp/logo_meet_2020q4_color_2x_web_96dp.png](https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/i/productlogos/meet_2020q4/v1/web-96dp/logo_meet_2020q4_color_2x_web_96dp.png)

<h3>ygg_anderson <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/659828514924658688/dd3da91acbb1b0a8f23b7547a0556653.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_17-Jun-22 12:00 AM_:

Hi everyone, this looks cool.


<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_20-Jun-22 02:06 PM_:

Hi Guild members - I have a pretty crazy schedule atm with builing the final course content for TE Fundamentals - and won't be able to make it to Wednesday's call again. What's the status @inventandchill @Thomas @zhiwei ?

<h3>zhiwei <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/691020255580913796/ba3ba435bdff5beb55208d274e89d2a7.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_20-Jun-22 02:49 PM_:

I'm good with skipping this week! But also available if anyone needs discussion

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 20-Jun-22 03:51 PM

Happy either way - let me know

<h3>liviade <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_22-Jun-22 10:22 AM_:

I'll be in an AMA with commons stack and unfortunately can't join again :(

was there anything from last week that I can catch up async?

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/480023322080444427/5749f33d32f3d2bf7084c18540ead477.png)

liviade

[was there anything from last week that I can catch up async?](about:blank#)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 24-Jun-22 09:27 AM
No I don't think so <img src="https://twemoji.maxcdn.com/2/72x72/1f642.png" width=20 height=20>

<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_27-Jun-22 10:11 AM_:

Dissecting the DAO: Web3 Ownership is Surprisingly Concentrated [https://blog.chainalysis.com/reports/web3-daos-2022/](https://blog.chainalysis.com/reports/web3-daos-2022/)

[Chainalysis Team](https://blog.chainalysis.com/reports/author/kevinchainalysis-com/)

Dissecting the DAO: Web3 Ownership is Surprisingly Concentrated - C...

Decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs) are a staple of web3. Internet-native and blockchain-based, they're a new management structure for businesses, projects, and communities.

![https://blog.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/Web3-DAO.png](https://blog.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/Web3-DAO.png)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png)

akrtws (TE Academy)

[Dissecting the DAO: Web3 Ownership is Surprisingly Concentrated](about:blank#)

[https://blog.chainalysis.com/reports/web3-daos-2022/](https://blog.chainalysis.com/reports/web3-daos-2022/)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 27-Jun-22 11:51 AM
Interesting - tbh I am not surprised despite the title <img src="https://twemoji.maxcdn.com/2/72x72/1f604.png" width=20 height=20>

I think the really interesting think if you account how the largest wallet holder across wallets are related

I think the finding will equally centralised (edited)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas

[Interesting - tbh I am not surprised despite the title  I think the really interesting think if you account how the largest wallet holder across wallets are related](about:blank#) <img src="https://twemoji.maxcdn.com/2/72x72/1f604.png" width=20 height=20>

<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_27-Jun-22 01:01 PM_:

I was trying to find out what data sources they've used, have you found any info?

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png)

akrtws (TE Academy)

[I was trying to find out what data sources they've used, have you found any info?](about:blank#)

![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 27-Jun-22 01:21 PM

Pretty sure they have used proprietary data (label blockchain addresses) - but it should be easily replicable by just sourcing DAO Tokens (and then I guess adding nuance by seeing what of the supply is in smart contracts treasury etc.). We could easily get the data using Infura and with a little bit of labelling work (or get access to Nansen.ai API somehow)

<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_28-Jun-22 01:27 PM_:

OK @Thomas @zhiwei @inventandchill @liviade @rodbot2 let's check in tomorrow for an update on the guild project - see you at 4pm UTC


![https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/4.png)

Thomas 29-Jun-22 11:33 AM

Hey all , sorry for the short notice - I fell sick since yesterday and I won't make it today

<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_29-Jun-22 12:02 PM_:

Hi, I'm in the call: [https://us02web.zoom.us/j/6985323627?pwd=QjV0cUlzYnVwbzAvTWlnaGxFYkRoQT09](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/6985323627?pwd=QjV0cUlzYnVwbzAvTWlnaGxFYkRoQT09)

Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting

Zoom is the leader in modern enterprise video communications, with an easy, reliable cloud platform for video and audio conferencing, chat, and webinars across mobile, desktop, and room systems. Zoom Rooms is the original software-based conference room solution used around the world in board, conference, huddle, and training rooms, as well as ex...

<h3>akrtws (TE Academy) <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/686955086941126683/7aaeae2f15035eb415bb51aaf9ad0878.png" width=25 height=25></h3>

_29-Jun-22 01:12 PM_:

Hi everyone - in this call we chatted a bit about how to continue with this guild group. Here's a summary: - @Thomas @inventandchill please continue with the **DAO Health project** ! And let us know if you need any support, we'll keep this channel open to sync - for the **Guild**, we'd like to slightly adapt the focus: bi-weekly/monthly meetings, for the **guild members/junior TE's to discuss and address challenges**, program tbd,@zhiwei will take responsibility to host them -> in this new channel: [https://discord.gg/MSzMVmnd](https://discord.gg/MSzMVmnd) (edited)

Makes sense? Feel free to reach out if you have any questions! <img src="https://twemoji.maxcdn.com/2/72x72/1f642.png" width=20 height=20>

BTW the talent support mission of the Guild remains unchanged. My goal is to grow the number of trainee positions and grow the number of talents to be part of this guild. Let's make this program most valuable for you, and for others who are eager to learn ‚≠ê

Exported 54 message(s)